doc/user: Update MSK Title and Description (#12224)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/integrations/aws-msk.md

---
title: "How to connect AWS MSK to Materialize"

> description: "Instructions for securely connecting an AWS Managed Streaming for Kafka (MSK) cluster to Materialize."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "How to securely connect an AWS Managed Streaming for Kafka (MSK) cluster as a source to Materialize."
```

Reviewer: Just for consistency with all other guides.
